please be a 5-star ride
[Music]
five cheeseburgers five cheeseburgers no
onions no pickles no onions no pickles
just a sprinkle of cocaine
they don't have cocaine I'm not gonna
LASIK screwed on my eyes
dad this is uber and you know how easy
it is to get a driver to take you
anywhere you want to go it's happening
tonight over yeah
drive I'm to do how do you do
Koreatown know hold on got a banger UE
here real quick
nope don't got it
[Music]
this gun why do you have so many guns
different sort of militia Oh another
good man you are really overcompensating
for you mister first guys
[Applause]
[Music]
how do you know my dad he kidnapped me
we didn't kill anyone
[Applause]
hello operator we need help someone's
trying to murder us
[Music]